feat(content): New descriptions for Remnant and Wanderer Licenses (#11373)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/wanderer/wanderer outfits.txt

	series "Licenses"
	index 09010
	thumbnail "outfit/wanderer outfits license"

> 	description "This oddly shaped dish holds a perfectly preserved set of seeds of one Poaognod Nidadolen, a hardy species of grass that the Wanderers use during their initial terraforming efforts to gauge how well a world is responding to their methods."

Reviewer: I'm not sure about this one.
The Wanderer Campaign mentions the Wanderers working with local vegetation in their early efforts on the Korath worlds, rather than using species they're bringing with them.

Author: Perhaps something like this instead?

`description "This oddly shaped dish holds a collection of perfectly preserved seeds, each set hailing from one of the many regions of space the Wanderers have restored. The most recent addition is that of the Poaognod Nidadolen, a hardy species of grass used to gauge how well a world is responding to their methods."`

reticent-rem has voiced in the Discord that some other naming scheme for the plant names would be better, so the current ones could just be replaced.

Author: @Quantumshark what do you think?

Reviewer: Yeah, I think that's good.

> 	description "This oddly shaped dish holds a collection of perfectly preserved seeds of one Sentinel Skirtgrass, a sensitive yet robust species the Wanderers use during their initial terraforming efforts to gauge how well a world is responding to their methods. Each seed carries a built-in generational limit, ensuring the grass disappears after a few lifecycles so that it doesn't compete with native flora. These seeds symbolize the beginnings of both terraforming and goodwill, granting their owner the right to acquire Wanderer outfits."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	description "This oddly shaped dish holds a collection of perfectly preserved seeds of one Sentinel Skirtgrass, a sensitive yet robust species the Wanderers use during their initial terraforming efforts to gauge how well a world is responding to their methods. Each seed carries a built-in generational limit, ensuring the grass disappears after a few lifecycles so that it doesn't compete with native flora. These seeds symbolize the beginning of both terraforming and goodwill, granting their owner the right to acquire Wanderer outfits."
```

outfit "Wanderer License"
	category "Licenses"
	series "Licenses"
	index 09020
	thumbnail "outfit/wanderer license"

> 	description "Intact within an amber shell, this leafy branch of the Uesoqai Antgiega symbolizes the Wanderers' pride and joy, the total revitalization of a planet. While unmatched in size and formidable to behold, the tree is quite fragile to even the slightest alterations in climate, so the growth of one such specimen to maturity is seen as a sign of a healed ecosystem."

Reviewer 3: Noble refers to the definition of `having or showing fine personal qualities or high moral principles and ideals` for the Wandererer's noble goal of of growing one on a planet (and there's other trees with similar schemes like the [Noble Fir](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Abies_procera)). Watchwood alludes to being a Sentinel plant.

Second idea is that perhaps this pride and joy plant has been brought by the Wanderer's through the Eye each time it has opened since they left their home planet - which _also_ makes the Watchwood a reference to the Eye, and Noble a bit more the hereditary aspect. 

```suggestion
	description "Intact within an amber shell, this leafy branch of the Noble Watchwood - rumored to come from the Wanderer's original home planet - symbolizes the their pride and joy, the total revitalization of a planet. While unmatched in size and formidable to behold, the tree is quite fragile to even the slightest alterations in climate, so the growth of one such specimen to maturity is seen as a sign of a healed ecosystem."
```

> 	description "Intact within an amber shell, this leafy branch of the Noble Watchwood - rumored to come from the Wanderer's original home planet - symbolizes their pride and joy, the total revitalization of a planet. While unmatched in size and formidable to behold, the tree is quite fragile to even the slightest alterations in climate, so the growth of one such specimen to maturity is seen as a sign of a healed ecosystem. As a symbol of peace akin to Earth's olive branch, it grants its bearer the right to purchase non-military Wanderer ships."

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
	description "Intact within an amber shell, this leafy branch of the Noble Watchwood - rumored to come from the Wanderers' original home planet - symbolizes their pride and joy, the total revitalization of a planet. While unmatched in size and formidable to behold, the tree is quite fragile to even the slightest alterations in climate, so the growth of one such specimen to maturity is seen as a sign of a healed ecosystem. As a symbol of peace akin to Earth's olive branch, it grants its bearer the right to purchase non-military Wanderer ships."
```

outfit "Wanderer Military License"
	category "Licenses"
	series "Licenses"
	index 09030
	thumbnail "outfit/wanderer military license"

> 	description "The history of the Wanderers is not without hardship and failure. Immortalized in a bronze mold, this shape of a withered, burnt branch is the token of a time the Wanderers could not save a world, for skilled as they may be, they cannot stop destruction when it is actively sought after by others mightier than them. The loss of the exotic Cariauara Galoatinisfu serves as a reminder that they, too, must prepare to fight when necessary."

Reviewer 3: What if this plant is the same as the above one - rendering their pride and joy destroyed? 

Also some optional phrasing changes.

```suggestion
	description "The history of the Wanderers is not without hardship and failure. Immortalized in a bronze mold, this withered branch recalls the time the Wanderers could not save a world, for skilled as they may be, they cannot stop destruction when it is actively sought after by others mightier than them. The fall of the Noble Watchwood, their cherished emblem, now stands as a solemn vow: when peace fails, they too must prepare to fight."
```
